Etag config TLS (#9033)
facebook/osquery: docs/wiki/deployment/remote.md

      "interval": 10
    }
  },
  "node_invalid": false, // Optional, return true to indicate re-enrollment.
  "etag": "..." // Optional, see "Conditional configuration requests".
}
```

The POSTed logger data is exactly the same as logged to disk by the **filesystem** plugin with an additional important key: `log_type`. The filesystem plugin differentiates log types by writing distinct file names. The **tls** plugin includes: `result` or `status`. Snapshot queries are `result` queries.

### Conditional configuration requests

Configurations rarely change between refreshes, so the **tls** config plugin supports conditional requests carried in the JSON bodies (the request is a `POST`, so HTTP `ETag`/`If-None-Match` header semantics do not apply). Servers are free to ignore all of this: a response without an `"etag"` key is treated as the configuration content, byte for byte, exactly as before.

> - Unless `--config_tls_etag=false`, the request body includes an `"etag"` field containing the value from the last configuration response the client received, or an empty string when it has none. The value is assigned by the server and is opaque to the client; it is kept in memory only, so a restarted client always requests the full configuration.

Reviewer: nit: maybe it's easier to digest if we don't use double negation?

```suggestion
- If `--config_tls_etag=true`, the request body includes an `"etag"` field containing the value from the last configuration response the client received, or an empty string when it has none. The value is assigned by the server and is opaque to the client; it is kept in memory only, so a restarted client always requests the full configuration.
```
